#Pros vs. Cons, What Should You Choose?


##[What to use for Work, Gaming, or School](https://techguided.com/laptop-vs-desktop/#4)
1. Work: Depends on what you do for a living. If your work requires you to be mobile, you would be best off with a laptop, but if your job involves video manipulation, graphic design, etc. you may be better off with a PC for sheer power and performance at a reduced cost - although there are laptops out there capable of handling on-the-go demanding computer performance.
2. Gaming: Gaming would always be best done with a desktop because there are many more component options available at cheaper prices compared to laptops. As mentioned, a desktop will always outperform laptops simply because they have more power behind them.
3. School: For school, the best option would be to have a laptop because it’s easy to carry around, lightweight, and you’ll always have your notes with you. That being said, a lot of schools have computers or computer labs available to use, so it’s very possible to use a desktop at home, then simply use a computer at school to bring up the information. However, if there’s specific software needed for particular classes you may need a laptop since you may need those programs in class and wouldn’t be able to go to a computer lab to do so.
  - [This link](https://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001399.htm) has a pretty comprehensive list of pros and cons for laptops and desktops to help further illustrate the points made above.
Summary: All in all, the choice is dependent on the person and what their needs are for the situations they’re planning on using the computer in. For power and performance, go with a desktop, for mobility and overall comfort, go with a laptop. It’s also worth mentioning that many people will purchase a cheap laptop that satisfies the basic requirements they need (for instance, a laptop that can handle notes and some class programs) and then also have a desktop separate just for gaming. 
If you want to go for a gaming laptop however, you’ll be able to find ones that are capable of both gaming and running programs - with a slight catch. The catch is that desktops are more heavy duty, and laptops are built around mobility and long lasting battery. Due to that fact, if you want to use a laptop for both things the best you’ll be able to find is a laptop that’s decent at both tasks. This means that if you buy a gaming laptop, you’ll be able to run programs like CAD, do video manipulation, etc. and you’ll be able to game as well, but most likely you won’t be able to run every game on maxed settings because that’s just not what laptops are designed around.

[Link to README](https://github.com/ChrisPuricelli/Final-Project-Digital-Concept-Tutorial/blob/master/README.md)
[Link to References](https://github.com/ChrisPuricelli/Final-Project-Digital-Concept-Tutorial/blob/master/References.md)
